the liquid petroleum gas or lpg system
provides gas for the stove when handling
the gas it is essential that you take
some basic safety precautions gas
bottles should always be stored in their
designated compartment in an upright
position so they are readily accessible
in case of emergency never use a wrench
to tighten gas lines onto a bottle as
they are designed to be finger tight
only only use lpg intended for gas
appliances and always have gas refilled
at authorized lpg refilling stations
when not in use or when traveling the
entire system must be turned off at the
bottle always open windows and vents
before operating gas appliances but
beware of drafts extinguishing the flame
familiarize yourself with emergency
procedures and fire extinguisher
location making sure you know what to do
in case of a gas leak or fire the stove
should never be used for internal
heating or while the vehicle is in
motion when cooking open the stove lid
before turning the gas on at the bottle
make sure the main gas valve underneath
the sink is switched on push and turn
the hot plate dial to maximum and push
the igniter button when the hot plate
ignites continue to push the dial for 10
to 15 seconds to ensure the stove stays
alive when cooking is finished allow
time for the stove to cool before
returning the stove lid back to its
original position make sure the stove
lid is down and the gas has been turned
off at the bottle before traveling to
convert a dinette lounge into a double
bed first loosen the lever underneath
the table and lift the tabletop straight
up make sure you fully loosen the levers
before separating disconnect the table
arm and then the table leg and slide
both into the table for storage lay the
table top between the dinette seats
retrieve the extra bed board located
behind the driver's seat and slide into
place to complete the base arrange the
cushions into the gap to finish the
double bed
the roof cavity allows for a single bed
designed for the weight of a child up to
50 kilos to convert this bed pull the
board's along until they make one
continuous length and arrange the
cushions to fill your freshwater tank
insert the supplied hose into the
fill-up point on the side wall of your
camper be careful not to leave the hose
running unattended or you may over fill
the tank which can cause damage to the
freshwater system remember to disconnect
all hoses before moving the vehicle we
recommend you boil water from the water
tank before consuming it your vehicle's
fuel gauge displays approximately how
much fuel is in the tank when the key is
in the on position a warning light will
appear when your camper has reached a
critical fuel level the ignition should
be turned to the off position while the
vehicle is being refilled please ensure
you only fill your vehicle with the
correct fuel type listed on the inside
of the fuel door
regularly check your engine oil brake
fluids transmission oil and tire
pressure if you think your transmission
oil or brake fluids need attention
please contact our customer service
center or the number found on your key
tag if you are involved in an accident
please call the customer service
department immediately and provide all
the details including location police
report injuries and any other
information requested by the
representative you will also need to
complete the collision report form found
in your glovebox the customer service
phone number is located on your vehicle
key tag if you experience tire damage a
spare tire is located at the rear of
your vehicle if you are unsure of how to
change the tire please contact apollo's
customer service center the phone number
is located on your vehicle key tag after
you've enjoyed your self-drive adventure
please return the vehicle on the
contracted date and time if you wish to
amend the drop of time or date contact
Apollo reservations on every call number
before you return your vehicle remember
to remove all food items from the fridge
the vehicle must be returned in the same
condition as when it left so please make
sure or cutlery crockery cooking
utensils and equipment are clean and
packed away remove all contaminants and
food from storage cupboards and vents
shut off the LPG bottles and the mains
power supply lastly ensure the vehicle
has been returned with a full tank of
fuel unless you have purchased prepaid
fuel above all take a little extra care
and you will enjoy a safe and happy
Apollo holiday you are entitled to
discounts at various caravan parks and
activities throughout the country check
your Apollo welcome pack for more
information